Add snaps exports documentation (#551)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: docs/guide/snaps-exports.md

::: tip Does my snap need to have an RPC API?
Well, no, that's also up to you! If your snap can do something useful without receiving and responding to JSON-RPC requests, then you can skip exporting onRpcRequest. However, if you want to do something like manage the user's keys for a particular protocol and create a dapp that e.g. sends transactions for that protocol via your snap, you need to specify an RPC API.
:::

### Parameters

- `RpcHandlerArgs` - The origin and the JSON-RPC request.

```typescript
import { JsonRpcRequest } from '@metamask/types';

interface RpcHandlerArgs = {
  origin: string;
  request: JsonRpcRequest<unknown[] | { [key: string]: unknown }>;
};
```

### Returns

```typescript
type RpcHandlerReturn = Promise<unknown> | unknown;
```

`RpcHandlerReturn` - A promise containing the return of the implemented RPC Method.

### Examples

#### Typescript

```typescript
import { OnRpcRequestHandler } from '@metamask/snap-types';

> export const onRpcRequest: OnRpcRequestHandler = ({ origin, request }) => {

Reviewer: For consistency with JS version.

```suggestion
export const onRpcRequest: OnRpcRequestHandler = async ({ origin, request }) => {
```

      return 'world!';

    default:
      throw new Error('Method not found.');
  }
};
```

## `onTransaction`

If the snap wants to provide transaction insights before a user signs a transaction, the snap must export a function called `onTransaction`. Whenever there is a contract interaction and a transaction is submitted via the extension, this function will be called. The raw unsigned transaction payload will be passed to the `onTransaction` handler function.

::: tip Requesting the transaction insight permission
In order for the extension to call the `onTransaction` method of the snap, the `endowment:transaction-insight` permission must be requested. see [Permissions](./snaps-permissions.html#endowment-transaction-insight)
:::

### Parameters

- `onTransactionArgs` - the raw transaction payload and the [CAIP-2 chain ID](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/blob/master/CAIPs/caip-2.md). For more details on the transaction object see [SIP-3](https://metamask.github.io/SIPs/SIPS/sip-3#appendix-i-ethereum-transaction-objects).

```typescript
interface OnTransactionArgs {
  transaction: Record<string, unknown>;
  chainId: string;
}
```

### Returns

```typescript

> type onTransactionHandlerReturn = Promise<OnTransactionResponse>;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type OnTransactionHandlerReturn = Promise<OnTransactionResponse>;
```

# Exports

::: tip Developer Preview Software
Snaps is pre-release software. To try Snaps, install [MetaMask Flask](https://metamask.io/flask).
:::

::: tip Feature Requests
Do you have feature requests? Other ideas? We'd love to hear about them! [Click here](https://github.com/MetaMask/snaps-skunkworks/discussions) to join the discussion.
:::

## Table of Contents

[[toc]]

## `onRpcRequest`

> In order to communicate with dApps and other snaps, the snap must implement its own JSON-RPC API by exposing an exported function called `onRpcRequest`. Whenever the snap receives a JSON-RPC request, the `onRpcRequest` handler function will be called with the below parameters.

Reviewer 2: In line 20 we use 'dapp' (uncapitalised) -- suggest you decide on one for consistency

# Exports

::: tip Developer Preview Software
Snaps is pre-release software. To try Snaps, install [MetaMask Flask](https://metamask.io/flask).
:::

::: tip Feature Requests
Do you have feature requests? Other ideas? We'd love to hear about them! [Click here](https://github.com/MetaMask/snaps-skunkworks/discussions) to join the discussion.
:::

## Table of Contents

[[toc]]

## `onRpcRequest`

> In order to communicate with the outside world, the snap must implement its own JSON-RPC API by exposing an exported function called `onRpcRequest`. Whenever the snap receives a JSON-RPC request from an external entity (a dapp or even another snap), this handler function will be called with the above parameters.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In order to communicate with dApps and other snaps, the snap must implement its own JSON-RPC API by exposing an exported function called `onRpcRequest`. Whenever the snap receives a JSON-RPC request, the `onRpcRequest` handler function will be called with the below parameters.
```

::: tip Does my snap need to have an RPC API?
Well, no, that's also up to you! If your snap can do something useful without receiving and responding to JSON-RPC requests, then you can skip exporting onRpcRequest. However, if you want to do something like manage the user's keys for a particular protocol and create a dapp that e.g. sends transactions for that protocol via your snap, you need to specify an RPC API.
:::

### Parameters

- `RpcHandlerArgs` - The origin and the JSON-RPC request.

```typescript
interface RpcHandlerArgs = {
  origin: string;

>   request: JsonRpcRequest<unknown[] | { [key: string]: unknown }>;

Reviewer: `JsonRpcRequest` is not defined anywhere in the documentation

};
```

### Returns

```typescript

> type RpcHandlerReturn = Promise<unknown>;

Reviewer: `Promise<unknown> | unknown`

```

`RpcHandlerReturn` - A promise containing the return of the implemented RPC Method.

> 

Reviewer: Please add an example section. Both Typescript and Javascript

## `onTransaction`

> If the snap whats to provide transactions insights before they are accepted for signing by the uses, the snap must export a function called `onTransaction`. Whenever a transaction is submited to the extension this function will be called. The raw transaction payload, before it is signed, will be passed to this method.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the snap wants to provide transaction insights before a user signs a transaction, the snap must export a function called `onTransaction`. Whenever there is a contract interaction and a transaction is submitted via the extension, this function will be called. The raw unsigned transaction payload will be passed to the `onTransaction` handler function.
```

::: tip Requesting the transaction insight permission
In order for the extension to call the `onTransaction` method of the snap, the `endowment:transaction-insight` permission must be requested. see [Permissions](./snaps-permissions.html#endowment-transaction-insight)
:::

### Parameters

> - `onTransactionArgs` - the raw transaction payload and the [CAIP2](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/blob/master/CAIPs/caip-2.md) chain ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `onTransactionArgs` - the raw transaction payload and the [CAIP-2 chain ID](https://github.com/ChainAgnostic/CAIPs/blob/master/CAIPs/caip-2.md).
```

```typescript
interface OnTransactionArgs {

>   transaction: Record<string, unknown>;

Reviewer: We don't explain the transaction anywhere in the documentation. We could at least direct people to [SIP-3](https://metamask.github.io/SIPs/SIPS/sip-3) apendix.

  chainId: string;
}
```

### Returns

```typescript

> type onTransactionHandlerReturn = Promise<onTransactionResponse>;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type onTransactionHandlerReturn = Promise<OnTransactionResponse>;
```

```

> ```typescript

Reviewer: Why are those separate code blocks?

interface OnTransactionResponse {
  insights: { [key: string]: unknown };
}
```

> - `onTransactionResponse` - The `insights` object returned by the snap will be displayed alongside the confirmation for the transaction that `onTransaction` was called with. Keys and values will be displayed in the order received, with each key rendered as a title and each value rendered as a string.

Reviewer: Please add an example section.

## `onRpcRequest`

In order to communicate with dapps and other snaps, the snap must implement its own JSON-RPC API by exposing an exported function called `onRpcRequest`. Whenever the snap receives a JSON-RPC request, the `onRpcRequest` handler function will be called with the below parameters.

::: tip Does my snap need to have an RPC API?

> Well, no, that's also up to you! If your snap can do something useful without receiving and responding to JSON-RPC requests, then you can skip exporting onRpcRequest. However, if you want to do something like manage the user's keys for a particular protocol and create a dapp that e.g. sends transactions for that protocol via your snap, for example, you need to specify an RPC API.

Reviewer 2: need to remove the 'e.g.' here
